"To tick or not to tick, that is the question:
Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer
The slings and arrows of outrageous tasks,
Or to tick off against a sea of troubles
And by ticking, end them. To tick, to cross
No more; and by a tick to say we end
The heart-ache and the thousand natural shocks
That flesh is heir to: 'tis a consummation
Devoutly to be wish'd. To tick, to cross
To cross, perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub,
For in that tick of crossing what dreams may come,
When we have shuffled off this mortal coil,
Must give us pause: there's the respect
That makes calamity of so long life;
For who would bear the whips and scorns of time,
The oppressor's wrong, the proud man's contumely,
The pangs of despised love, the law's delay,
The insolence of office, and the spurns
That patient merit of the unworthy takes,
When he himself might his quietus make
With a bare bodkin? who would fardels bear,
To grunt and sweat under a weary life,
But that the dread of something after death,
The undiscover'd country from whose bourn
No traveller returns, puzzles the will
And makes us rather bear those ills we have
Than fly to others that we know not of?
Thus conscience does make cowards of us all;
And thus the native hue of resolution
Is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought,
And enterprises of great pith and moment
With this regard their currents turn awry,
And lose the name of action.--Soft you now!
The fair Ophelia! Nymph, in thy orisons
Be all my sins remember'd."

This quote is from Shakespeare's Hamlet and it doesn't really make sense in the context of ticking off a to-do list, and is not a motivational quote. It is a soliloquy spoken by Hamlet in which he is contemplating the pros and cons of taking his own life.

---

"To tick, perchance to cross: ay, there's the rub,
For in the ticking of the list what tasks may come,
But by crossing them, end them we shall,
And make sweet music with our lives."

---

"A task undone is a tale not told,
A story not yet spun,
But make a list, and cross them off,
And the tale shall be well begun."

---

"A list of tasks, a daily need,
To keep our thoughts in order;
With every box that's ticked indeed,
We march towards life's border."
